4	 The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
2	 You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
4	 Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
4	 Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
4	 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
4	 Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
2	 You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
4	 Dramas like this make it human .
2	 A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
4	 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
2	 Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
4	 Absorbing character study by André Turpin .
4	 You 'll probably love it .
2	 near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
4	 Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
2	 The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
2	 ` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
4	 The actors are fantastic .
4	 -LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
4	 It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
2	 It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
4	 Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
2	 The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
4	 Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
2	 `` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
2	 If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
0	 ... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
4	 But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
4	 ... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
4	 The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
4	 `` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .
4	 For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
4	 It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
2	 Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
4	 A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
4	 I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
4	 For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
2	 Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
2	 This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
2	 Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
4	 Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
4	 It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
4	 This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
4	 More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
4	 The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
4	 Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
4	 Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
4	 Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
4	 I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
4	 If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
4	 The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
4	 Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
4	 One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
4	 The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
4	 In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
4	 Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
2	 Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
2	 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .
4	 It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
2	 But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
2	 Chomp chomp !
2	 The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
4	 Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
2	 A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
4	 It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
4	 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
4	 Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
4	 ... very funny , very enjoyable ...
4	 It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
4	 An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
4	 The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
4	 A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
4	 Duvall is strong as always .
4	 A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
4	 Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
2	 An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
4	 Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
2	 Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
2	 A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
4	 As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
4	 The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
2	 Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
2	 The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .
2	 ... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .
2	 Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
4	 With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
2	 Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
4	 A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
4	 Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
4	 Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
4	 Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
4	 Cho 's timing is priceless .
2	 ... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .
4	 A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
4	 a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
4	 Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
4	 A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
4	 Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
4	 ... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
2	 This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
2	 A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
4	 Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
2	 Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
4	 ... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
2	 -LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .
4	 Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
2	 Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
4	 Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
4	 A slick , engrossing melodrama .
4	 The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
4	 It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
4	 It is definitely worth seeing .
4	 A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
2	 A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
4	 The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
2	 The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
4	 It is also beautifully acted .
2	 It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
2	 Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .
4	 It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
2	 The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .
4	 Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
4	 A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
4	 With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
2	 A fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .
4	 A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
4	 Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
4	 A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
4	 Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
4	 There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
4	 Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
2	 it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
4	 Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
4	 ` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
2	 The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
4	 -LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
4	 Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
4	 The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
2	 It is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
2	 High Crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
4	 Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
4	 Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
4	 The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
2	 Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?
2	 ... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
4	 An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
4	 I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
4	 A captivating new film .
4	 Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
4	 With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
4	 A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
4	 A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
4	 If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
4	 A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
4	 Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
4	 Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
4	 Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
4	 This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
4	 Poetry in motion captured on film .
4	 The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
4	 Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
2	 Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .
4	 Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
4	 The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
4	 Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
2	 An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
4	 The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
2	 Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .
4	 With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
4	 Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
2	 A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
4	 The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
2	 You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
2	 But not a whit more .
4	 This is a movie you can trust .
2	 `` It 's all about the image . ''
4	 Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
2	 Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .
4	 Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
2	 The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
4	 A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
4	 A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
4	 Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
4	 Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
4	 Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
2	 The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
4	 What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
0	 As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
4	 An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
4	 This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
4	 Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
4	 It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
4	 A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
2	 What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
4	 The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
4	 Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
4	 A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
2	 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .
4	 Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
2	 Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
4	 The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
0	 A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
4	 The performances are remarkable .
0	 You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
4	 Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
4	 A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
2	 Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
4	 An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
2	 Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
2	 Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
4	 Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
4	 The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
4	 The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
4	 is one of this year 's very best pictures .
2	 What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
4	 Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
2	 Melodrama with a message .
4	 Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
2	 ... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
4	 A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
4	 Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
2	 It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .
4	 A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
4	 Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
4	 This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
4	 A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
4	 As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
4	 Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
2	 A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
4	 By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
4	 This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
4	 The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
4	 Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
4	 Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
4	 The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
4	 Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
4	 E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
2	 Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .
2	 The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
4	 Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
2	 Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .
4	 But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
4	 Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
2	 This is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''
4	 Sweet and memorable film .
4	 Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
2	 Cynics need not apply . '
4	 Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
4	 `` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
2	 Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .
2	 Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
2	 As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
4	 On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
4	 As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
4	 A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
4	 Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
4	 Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
4	 A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
4	 Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
4	 ... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
4	 An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .
4	 The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
2	 A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
2	 It 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .
4	 Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
4	 I loved this film .
2	 It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .
2	 Go .
2	 Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .
4	 While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
4	 A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
0	 The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
2	 Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
4	 That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
4	 A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
4	 The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
4	 As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
2	 Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
4	 Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
2	 It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
4	 A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
4	 I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
2	 A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
4	 Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
2	 If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
4	 There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
4	 The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
2	 At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
4	 Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
2	 Norton holds the film together .
2	 A creaky staircase gothic .
4	 Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
4	 A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
4	 Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
2	 Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .
0	 Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
2	 Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
4	 Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
4	 An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
4	 A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
4	 Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
4	 It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
2	 It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
4	 This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
4	 What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
4	 It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
2	 Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
2	 You really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
4	 It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
4	 Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
0	 The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
2	 Sometimes shorter is better .
4	 The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
4	 As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
4	 The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
4	 The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
4	 Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
2	 ... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?
2	 You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
4	 The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
4	 Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
4	 Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
4	 Surprisingly powerful and universal .
2	 Apart from its own considerable achievement , Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
2	 I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .
4	 Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
4	 It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
4	 This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
4	 it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
4	 There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
4	 Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
4	 It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
4	 Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
2	 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .
4	 Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
4	 Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
2	 Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .
4	 Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
4	 What results is the best performance from either in years .
4	 The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .
4	 Béart and Berling are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
2	 All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .
4	 Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
2	 Ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
4	 ... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
4	 I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
4	 Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
4	 The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
2	 The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop
2	 Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
4	 A taut , sobering film .
4	 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
2	 The results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
4	 `` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
4	 Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .
4	 Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
4	 But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
4	 Amazing !
4	 If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
4	 While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
4	 A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
2	 It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
4	 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
4	 One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
4	 An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
4	 A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
4	 Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
4	 The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
4	 Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
4	 It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
2	 You just know something terrible is going to happen .
2	 But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
2	 A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
2	 Who knew ...
4	 Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
2	 The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
2	 Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .
4	 There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
4	 A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
4	 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
2	 Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .
4	 Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
4	 Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .
4	 A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
2	 Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	 For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
4	 Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
4	 If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
4	 In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
4	 It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
4	 A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
4	 At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
4	 A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
2	 Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
2	 The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
2	 Dogtown and Z-Boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
4	 ... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
4	 -LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
4	 These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
4	 A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
4	 This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
2	 Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .
4	 He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
2	 Twist open the Ouzo !
2	 It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .
4	 A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
4	 Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
2	 The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
4	 ... a solid , well-formed satire .
4	 Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
4	 It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
2	 The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
2	 You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .
4	 Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
4	 A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
4	 Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
4	 Very well-written and very well-acted .
4	 A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
4	 likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
4	 Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
4	 Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
2	 Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
4	 The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
4	 It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
2	 The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .
4	 A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
4	 The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
2	 Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
4	 -LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
2	 Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .
2	 It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
4	 A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
4	 ... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
2	 A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .
2	 With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
2	 A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
2	 For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
4	 It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
4	 A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
2	 ` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
4	 A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
4	 An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
2	 The Ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment .
2	 The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .
2	 Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
4	 Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
4	 Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
4	 One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
4	 The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
4	 An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
4	 Enticing and often funny documentary .
2	 Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
4	 Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
2	 Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .
4	 Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
4	 What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
4	 Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
2	 `` Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
2	 Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
4	 Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
4	 A classy , sprightly spin on film .
2	 fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
4	 Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
2	 Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .
2	 With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
4	 Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
0	 Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
4	 An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
2	 Otherwise , maybe .
4	 If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
4	 A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
4	 Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
4	 -LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
4	 A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
2	 Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .
4	 For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
2	 The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .
4	 The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
2	 The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
4	 The movie is brilliant , really .
2	 See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
4	 Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
0	 It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
2	 In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
4	 Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
4	 Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
4	 Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
4	 A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
4	 It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
2	 A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
4	 Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
4	 Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
4	 The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
2	 Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
4	 Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
2	 Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
2	 ` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
2	 Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
4	 A riveting story well told .
2	 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
4	 A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
4	 By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
2	 -LRB- The digital effects -RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
4	 It 's a masterpeice .
4	 Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
0	 An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
2	 This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
4	 Insanely hilarious !
4	 I have n't laughed that hard in years !
2	 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
4	 These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
2	 It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
2	 It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
4	 -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
4	 If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
2	 This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
4	 See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
2	 Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
2	 But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
4	 A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
2	 While Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
2	 ... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
4	 The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
2	 Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
4	 One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
4	 Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
4	 Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
2	 Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .
4	 Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
4	 A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
4	 A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
4	 This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
2	 The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .
2	 A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
2	 Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
2	 Acting can not be acted .
4	 It 's a cool event for the whole family .
4	 Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
2	 A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
2	 But I do .
4	 A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .
4	 Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
4	 Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
4	 The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
4	 With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
4	 Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
4	 This is a superior horror flick .
4	 Adaptation is simply brilliant .
4	 The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
4	 One of the best rock documentaries ever .
4	 Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
2	 Ah , what the hell .
2	 A portrait of an artist .
4	 Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
4	 A tremendous piece of work .
4	 A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
4	 LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
4	 Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
2	 There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
4	 A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
2	 It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
4	 Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
2	 In a word : No. .
4	 Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
2	 Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
4	 Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
2	 Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
4	 It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
2	 For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
2	 Has its share of arresting images .
4	 Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
4	 Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
0	 Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
2	 With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
2	 If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
4	 While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
4	 Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
2	 A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
2	 The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
4	 Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
4	 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
2	 It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .
4	 Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
2	 This is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
4	 Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
4	 The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
2	 A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
2	 Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
2	 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
4	 The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
4	 Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
4	 Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
4	 In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
4	 His work with actors is particularly impressive .
4	 A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
2	 Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
2	 Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
2	 ... gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
4	 Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
4	 The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
2	 Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog .
4	 Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
2	 Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .
4	 The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
4	 This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
2	 While not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
2	 Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
4	 Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
4	 A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
4	 In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
2	 The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
4	 The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
2	 If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .
4	 He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
4	 The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
4	 It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
4	 Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
2	 This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
4	 Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
4	 It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
2	 This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
2	 Chances are you wo n't , either .
4	 An extraordinary dramatic experience .
4	 Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
4	 That , in itself , is extraordinary .
2	 If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .
4	 Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
4	 It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
4	 Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
2	 Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
2	 If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
4	 Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
4	 This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
4	 Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
4	 This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
2	 Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .
4	 Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
2	 Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
2	 Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
2	 Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
2	 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
4	 A beautifully observed character piece .
4	 A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
4	 Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
4	 Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
4	 An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
4	 It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
2	 A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
2	 May seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
2	 Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
4	 Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
2	 A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .
4	 Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
2	 If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
2	 The climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
0	 All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
4	 If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
4	 Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
2	 Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .
4	 A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
4	 The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
2	 Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
4	 He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
2	 With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	 Will you go ape over this movie ?
4	 Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
4	 The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
4	 This movie is to be cherished .
2	 ... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
4	 The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
4	 P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
4	 Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
2	 This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
2	 The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
4	 Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
4	 A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
4	 A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
4	 Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
4	 Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
2	 Got a David Lynch jones ?
4	 Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
2	 It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .
2	 Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .
4	 One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
4	 The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
4	 You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
2	 A chick flick for guys .
2	 As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .
2	 Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
4	 A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
4	 You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
4	 An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
4	 The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
4	 A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
4	 So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
2	 Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
4	 ... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
4	 A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
2	 Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
4	 Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
4	 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
4	 Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
4	 A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
2	 About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
2	 ... manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal .
4	 Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
2	 A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
2	 It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
4	 ... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
4	 Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
4	 It 's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
4	 Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
2	 You do n't want to call the cops .
2	 You want to call Domino 's .
4	 And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
2	 B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .
2	 With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin , the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
2	 A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
4	 Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
4	 It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
2	 Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better .
4	 There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
2	 Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
4	 Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
4	 The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
4	 It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
4	 Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
2	 A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
4	 The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
4	 Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
2	 What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
4	 Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
2	 And how .
2	 Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
4	 Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
4	 The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
4	 Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .
4	 With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
4	 Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
4	 A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
4	 ... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
4	 It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
4	 Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
4	 I like this movie a lot .
2	 ... the implication is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .
4	 I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
2	 Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .
4	 A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
4	 Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
4	 A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
4	 Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
2	 Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
4	 Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
2	 It does give you a peek .
2	 The main problem being that it 's only a peek .
2	 A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
4	 Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
2	 Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
4	 Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
4	 This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
4	 Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
2	 At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
4	 Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
4	 A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
2	 It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
4	 Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
4	 Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
4	 At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
4	 If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
4	 Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
4	 It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
4	 The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
4	 One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
4	 Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
4	 About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
2	 Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .
2	 Every child 's story is what matters .
4	 A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
2	 Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .
2	 Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
4	 A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
2	 Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
4	 -LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
2	 What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
4	 ... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
2	 Films are made of little moments .
4	 -LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
4	 At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
4	 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
4	 It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
4	 Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
4	 The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
2	 Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
2	 With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
2	 With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their characters .
4	 As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
2	 The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
4	 A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
4	 Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
4	 It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
4	 Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
4	 borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
2	 Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
4	 Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
4	 `` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
4	 If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
2	 This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
4	 The movie is a trove of delights .
4	 Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
4	 In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
2	 Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?
2	 An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ...
4	 Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
2	 This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
4	 If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
4	 Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
2	 13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .
2	 The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
2	 Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .
2	 At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
4	 As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
2	 `` The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
4	 An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
2	 It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .
2	 Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
4	 It 's never dull and always looks good .
2	 The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
4	 As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
2	 With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
4	 All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
4	 The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
4	 With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
4	 One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
4	 One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
2	 None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .
4	 A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
4	 A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
4	 Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
4	 Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
4	 A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
4	 A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
4	 ... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
4	 The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
2	 An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .
4	 It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
4	 With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
4	 The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
4	 A smart , compelling drama .
4	 A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
2	 I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
2	 It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
4	 Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
2	 As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
2	 It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .
2	 -LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
4	 All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
4	 An Asian neo-realist treasure .
4	 It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
4	 I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
4	 A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
2	 An original little film about one young woman 's education .
2	 The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .
4	 One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
4	 It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
4	 Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
4	 Heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
4	 `` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
4	 Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
4	 Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
4	 Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
2	 But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .
2	 At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .
0	 It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
2	 What 's left is a rich stew of longing .
4	 It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
4	 Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
2	 Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
4	 Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
4	 Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
4	 A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
2	 This is SO De Palma .
2	 If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
4	 Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
4	 It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
2	 A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
2	 Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
4	 -LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .
4	 Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
2	 You could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long .
2	 Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
4	 At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
2	 Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
4	 There is greatness here .
4	 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
4	 If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
4	 `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
4	 She may not be real , but the laughs are .
4	 A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
2	 OK arthouse .
2	 The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
4	 About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
4	 If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
4	 Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
4	 This is one of the year 's best films .
4	 It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
4	 The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
4	 Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
4	 This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
4	 In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
4	 A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
2	 I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
2	 Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
4	 Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
4	 A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
4	 A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
4	 For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
4	 ... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
2	 It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
4	 Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
4	 Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
4	 One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
2	 Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
2	 The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
4	 Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
2	 The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
2	 While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
2	 A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
4	 A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
4	 Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
4	 Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
2	 The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
2	 Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
2	 It is a movie about passion .
4	 What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
4	 A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
4	 The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
4	 It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
0	 Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
4	 It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
4	 A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
4	 The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
4	 Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
4	 Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
2	 It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
4	 Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
2	 It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .
4	 Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
4	 The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
4	 Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
2	 To the degree that ivans xtc .
2	 Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
2	 A. . .
2	 cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
4	 Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
4	 A dazzling dream of a documentary .
4	 ` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
4	 The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
4	 An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
2	 Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
4	 Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
4	 Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
4	 Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
2	 Is truth stranger than fiction ?
2	 In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
4	 A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
4	 Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
2	 C'mon !
4	 Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
4	 A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
2	 It must be in the genes .
4	 The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
4	 Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
4	 Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
2	 Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
4	 It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
2	 For 95 often hilarious minutes , -LRB- Cho -RRB- riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
4	 Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
4	 -LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
4	 A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
2	 The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .
4	 More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
2	 It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
2	 It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
4	 Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
2	 A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
2	 The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
4	 An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
4	 I love the robust middle of this picture .
2	 It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
2	 If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .
2	 Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .
4	 The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
0	 ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
4	 This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
2	 It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
4	 Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
4	 Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
4	 Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
4	 An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
2	 Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .
4	 Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
4	 Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
4	 Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
2	 More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...
4	 What I saw , I enjoyed .
4	 Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
2	 Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
2	 ... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
2	 The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
4	 What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
2	 Renner ?
2	 s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
4	 ... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
4	 It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
4	 Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
4	 Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
2	 A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .
2	 While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
4	 As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
4	 Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	 Meant for Star Wars fans .
2	 It is there to give them a good time .
4	 From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
4	 Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
4	 Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
4	 Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
4	 It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
4	 That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
4	 That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
4	 The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
2	 The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
4	 Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
4	 Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
4	 Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
4	 Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
2	 Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .
4	 Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
4	 A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
4	 Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
4	 One of the best movies of the year .
4	 -LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .
2	 journalism of the 1960s .
4	 The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
4	 -LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
2	 Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .
4	 A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
4	 Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
2	 If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
4	 Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
4	 Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
4	 A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
2	 Vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .
2	 The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
2	 When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
4	 A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
4	 Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
4	 It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
2	 -LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .
4	 A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
0	 A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
4	 The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
2	 A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .
4	 Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
2	 This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
4	 Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
4	 Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
4	 With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
4	 A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
4	 The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
4	 Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
4	 Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
4	 Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
2	 It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
4	 Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
4	 This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
4	 The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
2	 Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
4	 It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
2	 While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
2	 Depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
2	 There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
2	 Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
4	 It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
4	 Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
4	 An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
4	 Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
4	 Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
4	 Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
4	 An excellent sequel .
4	 Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
2	 Just how these families interact may surprise you .
2	 Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
4	 A surprisingly funny movie .
4	 ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
2	 A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
4	 Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
4	 More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
4	 The movie is ingenious fun .
4	 See it .
2	 The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
4	 An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
4	 Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
4	 This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
4	 Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
4	 A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
4	 The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
2	 It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
4	 It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
4	 At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
4	 Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
4	 Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
4	 The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
4	 Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
4	 This is a very funny , heartwarming film .
4	 It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
4	 Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
4	 A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
2	 Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .
4	 A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
4	 It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
4	 Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
4	 Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
2	 If you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
2	 If you do n't laugh , flee .
4	 This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
4	 A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
4	 A weird and wonderful comedy .
4	 A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
4	 LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
4	 A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
2	 You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .
4	 Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
2	 ` Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
2	 His scenes are short and often unexpected .
4	 The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
2	 If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
4	 A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
2	 There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
4	 Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
4	 This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
2	 You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
2	 The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
4	 Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
2	 A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
4	 Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
4	 The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
4	 Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
4	 Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
4	 Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
2	 There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .
2	 But here 's a glimpse at his life .
4	 Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
4	 A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
2	 The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
4	 Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
2	 `` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .
4	 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
4	 The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
4	 Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
4	 The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
2	 A tasty slice of droll whimsy .
4	 Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
4	 Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
4	 Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
2	 Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
4	 The all-French cast is marveilleux .
4	 A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
4	 Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
4	 A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
4	 ... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
4	 The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
4	 Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
4	 A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
2	 Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
2	 A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .
2	 Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .
4	 In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
4	 An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
4	 The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
4	 It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
4	 A moving and important film .
4	 Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
4	 Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
4	 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
4	 An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
4	 Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
4	 What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
4	 The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
4	 Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
4	 Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
2	 Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
4	 Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
0	 Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
4	 The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
4	 A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
4	 Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
4	 A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
4	 Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
4	 Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
2	 Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
4	 A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
4	 Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
4	 Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
4	 That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
2	 There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .
2	 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .
4	 Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
2	 Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
2	 A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
4	 300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
4	 The film is one of the year 's best .
4	 ... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
4	 Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
2	 This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
2	 I have two words to say about Reign of Fire .
4	 The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
2	 More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
4	 The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
2	 Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
4	 Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
4	 There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
4	 Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
4	 A small movie with a big impact .
0	 Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
4	 When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
4	 It 's that good .
4	 Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
4	 Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
2	 We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
4	 A conventional but heartwarming tale .
4	 This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
4	 More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
2	 Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
2	 It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .
2	 Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
4	 It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
4	 While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
4	 The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
4	 More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
4	 Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
2	 ... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
4	 That 's fun for kids of any age .
4	 Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
4	 Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
4	 Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
4	 Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
4	 ... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
4	 Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
4	 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
4	 An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
2	 In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .
4	 Except it 's much , much better .
2	 Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
4	 The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
4	 I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
4	 There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
2	 Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
2	 ... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
4	 The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
4	 Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
4	 A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
2	 In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
4	 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
4	 The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
2	 This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
4	 This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
2	 The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .
4	 A very charming and funny movie .
2	 Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
4	 Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
2	 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
2	 Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .
4	 You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
2	 May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .
2	 Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .
4	 A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
2	 There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .
4	 Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
4	 A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
2	 Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?
4	 Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
4	 insightfully written , delicately performed
0	 Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
2	 Funny , though .
4	 One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
4	 A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
4	 Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
2	 Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
4	 A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
4	 It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
4	 Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
4	 This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
4	 It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
4	 Like the best 60 Minutes exposé , the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
2	 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
4	 An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
2	 Nair does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture .
2	 Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .
2	 Like Mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season .
4	 What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
4	 A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
0	 The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
4	 Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
2	 It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
2	 Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .
4	 Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
4	 Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
2	 `` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''
4	 Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
4	 Especially give credit to Affleck .
4	 An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
2	 What it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
4	 A gem of a movie .
4	 It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
4	 Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
4	 The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
4	 It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
4	 Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
4	 Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
4	 A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
2	 An unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
4	 Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
4	 A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
4	 A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
4	 One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
2	 One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
2	 Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
4	 I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
4	 More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
4	 A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
2	 A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
4	 Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
4	 -LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
4	 The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
4	 Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
4	 Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
2	 A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .
2	 Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
4	 For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
4	 What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
2	 A hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic French nuance .
4	 An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
4	 It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
4	 This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
2	 The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
4	 Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
2	 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
2	 The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
2	 Merci pour le movie .
2	 It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
4	 The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
4	 So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
4	 A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
4	 A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
4	 Daring and beautifully made .
2	 Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .
0	 Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
2	 Merry friggin ' Christmas !
4	 Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
4	 Ferrara 's best film in years .
4	 A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
4	 Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
2	 Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
2	 Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
4	 Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
4	 Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
4	 Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
2	 Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
4	 A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
2	 As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .
4	 The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
4	 Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
4	 A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
4	 Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
4	 An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
2	 In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
2	 Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .
4	 classic cinema served up with heart and humor
4	 Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
4	 That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
4	 While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
4	 Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
4	 There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
4	 As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
2	 Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
4	 Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
2	 The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
2	 Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .
2	 Adam SANDLER !
4	 As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
4	 Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
4	 One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
4	 Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
4	 Gives everyone something to shout about .
2	 The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .
4	 -LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .
4	 Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
4	 The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
4	 A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
4	 An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
4	 Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
4	 With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
4	 ... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
4	 Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
4	 Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
4	 Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
4	 If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
2	 The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
2	 Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
2	 Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
2	 As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
2	 It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
4	 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
4	 Best indie of the year , so far .
4	 -LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
2	 A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .
4	 This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
4	 Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
4	 Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
4	 A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
4	 Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
4	 This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
4	 Even better than the first one !
4	 A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
4	 -LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
2	 There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
2	 Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
2	 It will break your heart many times over .
4	 A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
2	 Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
4	 This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
2	 `` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
4	 Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
4	 Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
2	 The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
2	 The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
4	 The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
4	 The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
4	 Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
2	 Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
2	 One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
4	 `` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
2	 If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .
4	 Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
4	 Y Tu Mamá También is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
2	 Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
4	 A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
2	 Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .
2	 Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
2	 It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .
4	 A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .
2	 Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
2	 If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
4	 With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
2	 A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .
4	 A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
4	 She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
4	 A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
4	 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
2	 Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
4	 A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
4	 Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
2	 A very pretty after-school special .
2	 At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
4	 A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
2	 At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .
2	 Gloriously straight from the vagina .
4	 Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
4	 Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
4	 A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
2	 It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .
2	 Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
2	 Recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
4	 Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
2	 while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
4	 It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
4	 It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
2	 A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .
4	 Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
2	 A behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth .
2	 A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
2	 Just like Igby .
2	 If Signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
2	 Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .
2	 Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
4	 Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
2	 Not as good as the original , but what is ...
4	 Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
4	 Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
2	 -LRB- It -RRB- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
2	 Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
4	 Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
4	 ... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
4	 Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
4	 Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
2	 But this is Lohman 's film .
2	 Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
4	 Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
4	 A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
4	 , The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
2	 The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
4	 One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
2	 Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
2	 Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
4	 One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
4	 The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
2	 Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
4	 It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
2	 ... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...
4	 The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
2	 The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
2	 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
2	 Just watch Bettany strut his stuff .
0	 You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
4	 But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
4	 It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
2	 An ambitious and moving but bleak film .
2	 `` Punch-Drunk Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
4	 The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
4	 A marvel of production design .
4	 The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
4	 Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
4	 Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
4	 Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
4	 Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
4	 ... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
4	 Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
4	 Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
2	 So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
2	 I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .
2	 It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
4	 Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
4	 A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
2	 The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
2	 It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
4	 Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
4	 It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
4	 Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
2	 All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
2	 If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
4	 Exhilarating , funny and fun .
4	 It 's worth taking the kids to .
2	 It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .
4	 Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
2	 It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
2	 Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
4	 It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
4	 `` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
2	 At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
4	 Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
4	 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
4	 A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
2	 `` On Guard ! ''
4	 wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
4	 Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
2	 like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me
2	 Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .
4	 My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
2	 In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
2	 Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
4	 ... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
4	 You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
2	 Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .
2	 Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?
4	 -LRB- Cuarón has -RRB- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
4	 Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
4	 Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
4	 The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
2	 Anyone else seen this before ?
4	 Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
4	 Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
4	 This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
4	 Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
4	 With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
4	 ... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
2	 You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
2	 Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
2	 Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
2	 A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
4	 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
0	 If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
2	 Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
4	 Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
2	 A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
4	 Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
4	 As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
2	 Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
4	 So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
4	 Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
2	 Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
4	 The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
4	 A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
4	 Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
4	 MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
4	 But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
2	 The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
4	 One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
2	 This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
2	 Buy popcorn .
4	 But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
2	 Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
2	 `` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
4	 Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
4	 When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
4	 You have to see it .
2	 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
4	 The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
4	 Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
4	 Consistently clever and suspenseful .
2	 It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
4	 The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
4	 Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
2	 Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .
2	 It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .
2	 At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
4	 Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
2	 Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
4	 A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
4	 This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
4	 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
4	 ... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
4	 A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
4	 The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
4	 Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
4	 Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
4	 But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
4	 One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
4	 Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
2	 Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .
2	 Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .
2	 Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
2	 ... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .
2	 The film truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .
2	 It 's about time .
4	 Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
2	 Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
4	 While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
2	 By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
4	 An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
2	 Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .
4	 It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
4	 Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
4	 It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
4	 Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
4	 It 's always enthralling .
2	 In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .
4	 A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .
4	 A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
4	 This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
2	 Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
2	 An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
4	 Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
4	 A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
4	 Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
4	 Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
4	 Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
4	 In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
4	 One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
2	 This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .
4	 MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
4	 Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
4	 Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
2	 Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .
2	 Like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
2	 It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
2	 Or both .
4	 Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
2	 Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...
2	 Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
2	 The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
4	 Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
4	 This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
4	 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
4	 A movie of riveting power and sadness .
4	 A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
4	 finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
4	 The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
4	 Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
4	 Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
2	 Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia .
4	 Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
4	 Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
4	 The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
4	 The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
4	 This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
2	 Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
4	 A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
2	 What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
4	 A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
2	 As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
4	 A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
4	 Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
4	 Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
2	 If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
2	 to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
4	 A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
2	 A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
0	 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
4	 -LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
2	 It 's a sight to behold .
2	 It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
2	 Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
4	 The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
2	 Gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
2	 There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
2	 The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
4	 One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
4	 A small gem from Belgium .
4	 The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
4	 To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
2	 Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
4	 There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
4	 Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
2	 Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
4	 Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
2	 Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode .
2	 Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
2	 I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
4	 In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
2	 Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
4	 A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
2	 My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .
4	 A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
2	 A melancholy , emotional film .
4	 Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
4	 Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
2	 Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
4	 It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
4	 The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
2	 Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .
2	 But something seems to be missing .
4	 That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
2	 The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
4	 ... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
2	 Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?
2	 Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?
2	 Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
2	 Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
2	 The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
4	 The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
0	 Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
4	 With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
4	 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
2	 It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .
4	 It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
2	 That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
2	 The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
4	 The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
2	 Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .
4	 Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
4	 Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
4	 A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
2	 Even more baffling is that it 's funny .
4	 First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
4	 The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
2	 How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .
2	 It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
4	 Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
4	 A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
2	 `` What really happened ? ''
4	 Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
4	 Their work is fantastic .
0	 Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
2	 The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .
4	 But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
4	 Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
4	 As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
2	 The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
4	 An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .
4	 A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
4	 I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .
4	 The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
4	 Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
4	 Works as pretty contagious fun .
4	 The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .
4	 A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
4	 Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
2	 A `` black Austin Powers ? ''
2	 I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''
2	 Sa da TAY !
2	 I would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
4	 The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
4	 One of the funnier movies in town .
4	 By turns very dark and very funny .
2	 Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
2	 The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
4	 Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
2	 As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
4	 Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
4	 An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
2	 It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .
4	 A brutal and funny work .
2	 The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
4	 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
4	 Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
2	 The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
2	 Tells -LRB- the story -RRB- with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood .
2	 You wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
2	 At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
2	 I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
2	 The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
4	 Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
0	 I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
2	 The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
4	 unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
4	 Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
4	 This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
4	 There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
2	 That is because - damn it !
4	 Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
4	 A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
2	 A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
4	 An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
4	 Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
2	 A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
4	 A wry , affectionate delight .
4	 The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
2	 A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
4	 Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
2	 Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
4	 Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
2	 If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
2	 The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
4	 Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
4	 This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
4	 Another Best of the Year selection .
4	 It 's a very valuable film ...
4	 Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
2	 Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
4	 The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
4	 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
4	 -LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
0	 An almost unbearably morbid love story .
4	 Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
4	 This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
4	 The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
4	 An enthralling , entertaining feature .
4	 All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
4	 It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
4	 Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
4	 `` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
2	 One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
4	 A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
4	 Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
4	 A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
4	 Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
4	 This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
2	 With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
4	 But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
4	 An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
2	 Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
4	 An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
4	 Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
2	 Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
2	 ` Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
4	 Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
4	 Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
2	 Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
4	 Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
4	 The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
4	 Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
4	 The performances are an absolute joy .
4	 may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece .
4	 Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
4	 Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
2	 Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
2	 It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
2	 -LRB- Garbus -RRB- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
0	 About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
0	 A sentimental mess that never rings true .
2	 Interesting , but not compelling .
0	 On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
4	 Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
0	 Enough said , except : Film overboard !
2	 The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
0	 As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
0	 It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
2	 A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
0	 As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
2	 The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
0	 The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
0	 Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
0	 Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
2	 Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
0	 Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
0	 Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
2	 ... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .
2	 Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .
2	 Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
2	 There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
0	 The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
2	 Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
0	 To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
0	 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .
2	 When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
2	 An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
2	 A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
2	 Almost .
2	 The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
0	 The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
0	 Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
0	 The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
2	 Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .
0	 ... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
0	 In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
0	 What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
2	 Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time
0	 The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
2	 So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
0	 I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
2	 If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
0	 `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
2	 A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
2	 Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .
2	 Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-
0	 is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
0	 Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
2	 With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
0	 A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
0	 Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
2	 Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
0	 Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
2	 Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
2	 There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
2	 It 's all pretty tame .
0	 The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
2	 I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
2	 In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
0	 Terminally brain dead production .
0	 Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
0	 I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
0	 It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
2	 Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .
0	 It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
0	 Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
2	 The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
0	 There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
2	 As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
0	 Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
0	 An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
0	 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
2	 The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .
2	 Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
2	 The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .
2	 It comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
0	 The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
2	 It never is , not fully .
0	 As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
2	 Oozes condescension from every pore .
0	 `` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
2	 It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
0	 An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
0	 Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
2	 it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
0	 By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
0	 Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
2	 At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
2	 Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .
2	 Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
2	 You might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring .
2	 Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
2	 One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
0	 There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
2	 ... Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .
2	 The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
2	 It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
0	 Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
0	 Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
2	 Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
2	 A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family .
2	 What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
0	 Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
0	 Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
2	 The result might look like Vulgar .
0	 Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
0	 What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
0	 It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
2	 The film favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .
0	 Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
0	 The acting is n't much better .
2	 The whole affair is as predictable as can be .
0	 -LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
2	 Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .
0	 The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
2	 ` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
2	 Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .
2	 The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
2	 A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
0	 Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
2	 If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?
2	 Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
2	 The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .
0	 I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
2	 The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
2	 Here 's my advice , Kev .
0	 An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
0	 Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
2	 Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
2	 It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
0	 Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
0	 This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
2	 Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
0	 To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
0	 With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
2	 Mild , meandering teen flick .
2	 Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
0	 Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
2	 Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
2	 One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .
0	 To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
0	 Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
0	 -LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
2	 Silly , loud and goofy .
0	 Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
0	 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
0	 It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
2	 Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
4	 This is an interesting movie ! ''
0	 But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
2	 Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .
2	 A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
2	 It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
2	 ... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
2	 This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .
2	 This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
0	 A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
2	 This is amusing for about three minutes .
0	 This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
2	 It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
0	 Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
0	 Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
0	 -LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
2	 Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
2	 The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
2	 The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
0	 Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
2	 Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
2	 Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
2	 That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
0	 Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
2	 Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !
2	 It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
2	 ... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
0	 It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
0	 Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
2	 You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
0	 An infuriating film .
0	 The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
0	 As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
0	 Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
2	 Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .
2	 That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
2	 It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .
0	 I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
0	 Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
0	 Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
0	 To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
2	 The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
0	 The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
0	 An extremely unpleasant film .
2	 If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
2	 A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
2	 Wait for it to hit cable .
2	 Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
0	 My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
2	 John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
2	 LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
0	 The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
0	 Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
0	 The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
2	 Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance .
2	 A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .
0	 ... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
2	 Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .
4	 Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
0	 Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
0	 Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
0	 But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
2	 Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
0	 The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
0	 It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
2	 Or intelligent .
0	 The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
2	 But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
2	 Or that the battery on your watch has died .
0	 Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
0	 Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
2	 But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
4	 Consider it ` perfection . '
0	 The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
2	 I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .
0	 It 's still terrible !
2	 Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
2	 Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
2	 A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
0	 The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
0	 Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
2	 Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
0	 About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
2	 There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
0	 Absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
0	 The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
2	 The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut .
2	 Bond-inspired ?
2	 Certainly .
2	 Let 's hope not .
0	 This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
2	 Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
0	 None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
0	 ... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
0	 A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
2	 These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .
2	 A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
2	 It 's just a little too self-satisfied .
2	 Clever but not especially compelling .
0	 McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
2	 LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
0	 The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
0	 Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
0	 Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
0	 ... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
0	 A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
0	 One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
2	 No big hairy deal .
0	 The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
2	 The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .
0	 ` This movie sucks . '
2	 Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
0	 Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
2	 What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .
0	 The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
0	 There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
0	 ... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
0	 Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
0	 This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
2	 Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
0	 The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
2	 There is so much plodding sensitivity .
2	 Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
4	 As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
4	 Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
2	 Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
2	 -LRB- Javier Bardem is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .
2	 Brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
2	 A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
0	 Below is well below expectations .
2	 At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
0	 It does n't work as either .
0	 Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
2	 Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
2	 Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
2	 The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .
0	 A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
0	 The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
2	 It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
2	 The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .
0	 Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
2	 Might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
2	 Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
0	 The thing just never gets off the ground .
0	 Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
2	 The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
2	 However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .
2	 While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
0	 So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
2	 Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
2	 An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
4	 Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
0	 The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
2	 The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
0	 Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
2	 -LRB- Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-
0	 A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
2	 What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
0	 -LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
0	 An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
0	 This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
2	 The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
0	 No , I hate it .
0	 This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
0	 It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
0	 A fifty car pileup of cliches .
0	 It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
0	 Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
0	 What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
2	 It 's not hateful .
0	 It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
2	 Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
0	 The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
0	 The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
0	 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
2	 While kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
0	 We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
0	 They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
2	 They were right .
0	 It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
0	 Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
0	 A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
0	 Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
2	 Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
2	 Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
0	 It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
0	 Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
2	 Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .
0	 ... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
0	 Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
0	 And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
2	 It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .
2	 The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .
2	 As happily glib and vicious as its characters .
0	 One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
0	 -LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
0	 Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
2	 Kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .
2	 Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .
2	 Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
2	 An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
2	 Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
0	 Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
0	 The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
0	 An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
2	 The name says it all .
0	 Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
2	 aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
2	 A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
0	 The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
0	 Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
0	 As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
0	 I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
2	 The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...
2	 A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
2	 The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
2	 As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
0	 The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
0	 Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
0	 Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
0	 We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
0	 As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
2	 I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
2	 Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
2	 A picture as erratic as its central character .
0	 It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
0	 Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
0	 Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
0	 All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
0	 Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
0	 ` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
2	 Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
2	 There is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
0	 Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
2	 the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .
2	 O.K. , not really .
2	 The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
0	 ... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0	 Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
2	 From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
0	 Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
2	 In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
0	 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
0	 Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
0	 It 's uninteresting .
0	 A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
0	 A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
0	 It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
0	 New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
0	 Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
4	 When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
2	 An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
2	 Only for young children , if them .
0	 Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
2	 No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
2	 The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
0	 Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
0	 Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
2	 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
0	 It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
0	 An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
2	 If only there were one for this kind of movie .
0	 The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
0	 A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
2	 When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
0	 It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
2	 Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
0	 Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
0	 The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
0	 Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
2	 Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
2	 ... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
0	 I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
0	 I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
2	 The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
2	 The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
2	 ... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
0	 There 's already been too many of these films ...
2	 Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
0	 ` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
2	 Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
2	 When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?
2	 Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .
0	 The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
0	 This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
0	 Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
0	 A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
2	 The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
2	 National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .
2	 The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .
0	 A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
2	 More of a career curio than a major work .
0	 It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
2	 Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .
0	 To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
2	 As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
2	 The filmmakers might want to look it up .
0	 A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
2	 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
2	 There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .
2	 ... tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
0	 Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
0	 My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
2	 The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
0	 Should have gone straight to video .
0	 It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
0	 It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
0	 A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
0	 It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
2	 The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
2	 Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN .
2	 Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .
2	 The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .
0	 ... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
2	 Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
0	 Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
2	 While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
0	 Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
2	 Consider this review life-affirming .
2	 If the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
2	 The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
2	 Big time .
2	 This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .
2	 The film has a childlike quality about it .
2	 It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
0	 Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
2	 The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
2	 The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
0	 Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
0	 The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
4	 Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
0	 But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
0	 This thing is just garbage .
2	 As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
0	 There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
2	 An uplifting , largely bogus story .
0	 My own minority report is that it stinks .
0	 ... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
0	 ... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
0	 Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
2	 Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .
2	 The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
0	 It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
0	 Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
2	 meanders between its powerful moments .
0	 What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
2	 Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
2	 ... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
0	 Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
0	 A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
2	 To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
2	 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
2	 If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism
2	 It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
2	 Charming , if overly complicated ...
2	 Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .
2	 All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
0	 It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
2	 Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .
0	 Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
0	 For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
0	 Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
2	 Smothered by its own solemnity .
2	 Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
0	 After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
2	 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
2	 There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
0	 At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
0	 Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
2	 Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .
2	 If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
0	 By that measure , it is a failure .
2	 Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
2	 The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
2	 Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
2	 It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
2	 A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
2	 Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
2	 What is the filmmakers ' point ?
2	 You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
0	 You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
0	 Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
0	 The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
2	 Draggin ' about dragons
2	 A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
2	 Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
2	 The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
0	 `` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
2	 You might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible .
0	 ... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
0	 Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
0	 In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
2	 Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
0	 The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
0	 This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
2	 It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
0	 The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
2	 It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .
2	 Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
2	 Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
0	 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
2	 Oh , and Booty Call .
2	 Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
0	 A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
0	 The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
0	 A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
2	 An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
2	 A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .
2	 It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
2	 There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .
2	 And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
0	 One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
2	 The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
2	 So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
2	 Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
2	 For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .
2	 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
2	 A fascinating but choppy documentary .
0	 Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
2	 The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
0	 The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
2	 Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
2	 ... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
0	 Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
0	 This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
0	 Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0	 The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
2	 Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
2	 Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
2	 Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
0	 Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
0	 The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
0	 It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .
0	 MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
0	 No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
2	 Ruh-roh !
0	 I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
0	 ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
2	 A drama ?
2	 A romance ?
2	 Ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
2	 Did the film inform and educate me ?
2	 Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?
0	 Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
0	 Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
2	 A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
0	 This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
2	 Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
0	 In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
0	 It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
0	 Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
0	 Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
2	 Oops , she 's really done it this time .
0	 That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
0	 It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
0	 A chiller resolutely without chills .
0	 `` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
2	 The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .
0	 Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
2	 Traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .
0	 ... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
2	 I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .
4	 Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
2	 As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on .
0	 The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
2	 There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
0	 The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
2	 This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
0	 Bad and baffling from the get-go .
2	 The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .
2	 A well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
0	 Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
2	 Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
0	 Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
2	 Was I scared ?
2	 Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .
0	 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
2	 Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !
2	 True Hollywood Story .
2	 Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
0	 The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
0	 In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
2	 ` Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
0	 Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
0	 A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
0	 It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
0	 Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
0	 Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
0	 Horrible .
0	 The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
0	 Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
0	 The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
0	 It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
0	 This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
0	 A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
0	 ... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
2	 ending .
0	 Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
0	 It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
2	 So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
0	 It 's Splash without the jokes .
2	 Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
0	 Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
2	 Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
0	 This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
0	 Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
4	 I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
0	 Two hours of junk .
2	 Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .
2	 Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
2	 I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
0	 It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
2	 Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
0	 Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
0	 The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
2	 `` What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
0	 Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
0	 Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
2	 Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
2	 Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
0	 Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
2	 The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
0	 It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
2	 In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
0	 For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
2	 While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
0	 Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
0	 With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
2	 I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
0	 A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
0	 Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
0	 The comedy is nonexistent .
0	 It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
0	 This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
2	 The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
0	 The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
2	 One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
2	 Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .
2	 ... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
0	 After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
2	 Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .
2	 But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
2	 You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
0	 The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
0	 ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
2	 Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
2	 Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
0	 Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
0	 What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
2	 Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
0	 Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
2	 His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
0	 Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
0	 Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
2	 It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
2	 Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
2	 Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
2	 This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .
0	 So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
0	 One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
0	 Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
4	 He has a great cast and a great idea .
2	 But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
2	 ... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
2	 Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
2	 ` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .
0	 Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
0	 ` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
0	 A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
2	 It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .
2	 ... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
2	 Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .
0	 Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
0	 The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
0	 A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
2	 Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .
2	 In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
2	 You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
2	 Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
2	 Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
0	 The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
2	 Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
2	 Your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
0	 There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
0	 I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
2	 Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .
0	 The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
0	 Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
0	 The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
2	 It 's harmless , diverting fluff .
0	 But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
2	 Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
2	 ` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '
2	 Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
0	 A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
0	 The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
2	 Who are ` they ' ?
2	 Well , they 're ` they ' .
2	 They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''
2	 and `` They 're coming ! ''
0	 It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
2	 Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer .
0	 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
4	 Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
2	 You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .
0	 Thumbs down .
0	 The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
2	 The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '
2	 but ` Why ? '
2	 Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
0	 If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
2	 Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
0	 This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
2	 It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie .
2	 Arnie blows things up .
2	 Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
0	 An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
2	 ... they missed the boat .
2	 Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
2	 It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
2	 The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
0	 What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
0	 A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
2	 Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
2	 into Scrooge .
0	 May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
0	 Where 's the movie here ?
2	 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
0	 Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block .
0	 It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
0	 In its own way , Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
0	 an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
0	 The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
0	 ... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
0	 Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
0	 Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
0	 The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
0	 or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
0	 The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
0	 `` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
0	 Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
2	 `` Juwanna Mann ? ''
2	 Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
0	 Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
0	 Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
2	 Britney 's performance can not be faulted .
0	 It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
0	 A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
0	 The movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
2	 Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
0	 ... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
0	 ... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
0	 A DOA dud from frame one .
2	 The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .
0	 Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
0	 A predictable , manipulative stinker .
2	 Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
0	 The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
0	 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
2	 The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
2	 The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
0	 A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
0	 I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
0	 Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
0	 One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
0	 True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
0	 The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
2	 You come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .
0	 Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
0	 A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
0	 Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
0	 As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
0	 Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
2	 A Lifetime movie about men .
2	 The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
2	 It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
0	 Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
0	 I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
2	 This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '
2	 than ` Magnifique ' .
0	 Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
0	 But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
2	 Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .
2	 Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ?
0	 is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
2	 Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
0	 Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
2	 Who is this movie for ?
2	 Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
0	 It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
0	 A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
0	 It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
0	 For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
0	 A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
2	 The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .
4	 But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
2	 Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
2	 Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .
0	 For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
0	 I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
2	 Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
2	 ` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .
0	 Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
0	 This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
0	 Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
2	 Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
0	 The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
0	 -LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
2	 It 's too bad nothing else is .
2	 Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
4	 A serious movie with serious ideas .
0	 Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
2	 The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
0	 The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
2	 The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .
4	 Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie is powerful and provocative .
2	 Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
2	 Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
0	 Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
0	 It 's all surface psychodramatics .
0	 Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
0	 An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
0	 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
2	 A wordy wisp of a comedy .
0	 Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
0	 Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
2	 A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
0	 The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
0	 Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
2	 I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
2	 After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
4	 It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
2	 If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
2	 The same should go for movie theaters .
0	 Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
2	 The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
2	 As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
0	 This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
0	 The crap continues .
0	 When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
2	 Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
2	 As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
2	 The picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
0	 A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
2	 Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
2	 Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB- .
0	 An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
0	 A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
2	 An often unfunny romp .
2	 Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
2	 We have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
2	 Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
2	 There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .
0	 The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
2	 The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
0	 Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
2	 There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .
0	 I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
0	 Make like the title and dodge this one .
0	 This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
2	 It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
2	 Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
0	 A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
2	 Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
0	 Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
2	 It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .
2	 It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
0	 An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
0	 Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
2	 Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .
0	 This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
2	 will be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts ...
2	 Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
0	 Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
2	 The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
2	 The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .
0	 ... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
0	 A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
0	 Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
2	 The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
0	 A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
0	 ... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
0	 As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
2	 Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
2	 To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
2	 That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
2	 Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
2	 Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
2	 The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
0	 Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
0	 a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
0	 A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
0	 So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
2	 DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
0	 No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
2	 Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
2	 This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .
2	 They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .
2	 Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .
2	 ... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .
0	 There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
0	 The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
0	 Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
0	 A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
0	 No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
0	 Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
0	 Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
0	 Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
2	 What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
0	 In the end , there is n't much to it .
0	 You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
2	 Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .
0	 for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
0	 It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
2	 Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
0	 Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
2	 Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
2	 A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .
0	 One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
2	 The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
0	 Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
0	 The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .
2	 Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '
0	 A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
2	 both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time .
2	 Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .
2	 The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
0	 No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
2	 Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .
2	 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
2	 It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
2	 The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
0	 An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
0	 The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
2	 With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .
2	 The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
2	 Make no mistake , ivans xtc .
0	 is a mess .
0	 Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
4	 The trailer is a riot .
0	 The movie is a dud .
0	 Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
0	 It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
2	 Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
2	 A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
0	 After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
2	 Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
2	 Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
2	 But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
2	 The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .
2	 Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
2	 Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
0	 Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
2	 I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .
0	 There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
0	 Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
2	 It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate .
2	 I admit it , I hate to like it .
2	 Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for .
0	 The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
2	 While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
0	 If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
2	 The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .
2	 A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
2	 A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
2	 Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
2	 Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
2	 A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
0	 Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
2	 Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
2	 While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
0	 The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
2	 Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
0	 As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
0	 The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
0	 Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
0	 This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
0	 Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
2	 With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .
0	 Nothing about this movie works .
2	 If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
2	 Are monsters born , or made ?
2	 Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
0	 The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
0	 Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
0	 A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
0	 Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
2	 This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
2	 If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
0	 A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
0	 Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
2	 He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
0	 Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
2	 The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
2	 Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
2	 Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
2	 The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '
0	 but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
2	 In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
0	 Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
2	 This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
0	 For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
2	 Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
2	 A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
2	 Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
0	 The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
2	 A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .
2	 It 's just plain boring .
2	 Really dumb but occasionally really funny .
0	 The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
0	 It 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work .
0	 If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
2	 ... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
0	 Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
0	 It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
2	 Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .
0	 The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
4	 No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
0	 Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
2	 An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
0	 Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
0	 A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
0	 Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
0	 Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
0	 To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
0	 A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
2	 It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
2	 It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .
0	 A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
0	 Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
2	 Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
0	 As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
2	 Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes .
2	 More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
0	 Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
2	 On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
0	 ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
2	 scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens .
0	 Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
0	 Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
0	 The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
0	 A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
0	 It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
2	 Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
0	 Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
0	 Very stupid and annoying .
0	 The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
0	 How inept is Serving Sara ?
0	 It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
2	 Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
2	 Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
2	 Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award .
2	 Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
0	 Lazy , miserable and smug .
0	 This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
2	 Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
0	 There 's no energy .
2	 Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
2	 After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
2	 A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
2	 A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .
2	 The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .
0	 This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
2	 Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
2	 Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .
0	 There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
2	 Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
4	 At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
2	 Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
0	 Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
2	 Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
2	 If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
2	 It 's 51 times better than this .
0	 It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
0	 Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
0	 Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
2	 There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
2	 While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
0	 A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
0	 ... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
0	 The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
0	 Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
0	 Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
4	 At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
0	 It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
2	 Wanker Goths are on the loose !
0	 Run for your lives !
2	 Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
2	 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
2	 The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
2	 An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .
0	 The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
2	 With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
2	 Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
0	 The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
2	 Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
2	 Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .
4	 If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
0	 If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
2	 Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .
0	 The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
2	 De Niro cries .
0	 You 'll cry for your money back .
0	 Slap me , I saw this movie .
0	 Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
2	 Quelle surprise !
2	 The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .
0	 So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
0	 In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
0	 There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
2	 ` Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
0	 The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
2	 Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
0	 In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
2	 ` Snow Dogs ' has both .
2	 It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
2	 Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
2	 Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
0	 This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
2	 What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
2	 The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .
0	 The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
0	 What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
0	 The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
0	 Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
0	 Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
2	 Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
0	 What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
0	 Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
2	 I did n't think so .
0	 -LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
0	 The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
2	 This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .
2	 The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
2	 A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
2	 It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
2	 She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .
2	 What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
2	 The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
2	 Now he makes them .
2	 She 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
2	 Not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
2	 Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
2	 Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
0	 A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
0	 A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
2	 It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .
2	 You can thank me for this .
2	 I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .
0	 Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
2	 Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
2	 There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .
2	 Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .
0	 The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
0	 Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
2	 If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .
0	 If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
0	 What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
2	 Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
0	 Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
2	 Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
0	 Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
0	 A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
0	 The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
0	 Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
0	 It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
2	 How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
2	 There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
0	 It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
0	 It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
2	 What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
0	 It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
0	 Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
0	 It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
2	 Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
4	 Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
2	 `` The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
2	 What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .
2	 As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
2	 There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
0	 The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
0	 Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
2	 Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ... that is routinely dynamited by Blethyn .
0	 Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
0	 There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
0	 I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
0	 Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
2	 Deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
2	 Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
2	 Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .
0	 In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
2	 So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .
0	 There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
0	 Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
0	 Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
0	 Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
2	 Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
2	 Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
2	 Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
0	 One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
2	 It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
2	 Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand .
0	 Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
2	 Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
2	 One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .
0	 Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
4	 It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
0	 What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
0	 The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
0	 Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
0	 No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
0	 Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
2	 A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
0	 Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
0	 For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
0	 A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
0	 It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
2	 It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
2	 `` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .
2	 It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
2	 For all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
2	 It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .
2	 But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
2	 If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
0	 It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
2	 It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .
0	 A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
0	 This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
2	 The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .
0	 It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
0	 This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '
0	 Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
0	 Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
0	 No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
2	 ` Hey Arnold ! '
2	 has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
2	 They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
0	 A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
0	 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
2	 It 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .
2	 A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
2	 Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
0	 What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
2	 They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .
0	 It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
2	 It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
2	 Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
0	 Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
2	 Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
0	 One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
2	 There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
0	 What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
2	 Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
0	 Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
0	 The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
0	 It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
0	 It 's that painful .
2	 God is great , the movie 's not .
2	 When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
2	 Or else a doggie winks .
0	 A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
0	 You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
0	 A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
2	 -LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
0	 Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
2	 Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
0	 After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
0	 Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
2	 It was a dark and stormy night ...
2	 This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .
0	 Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
2	 Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .
0	 a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
2	 Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
2	 Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
0	 The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
2	 Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , Who Is Cletis Tout ?
0	 Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
0	 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
2	 Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
0	 High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
0	 A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
2	 Neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
0	 It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
2	 I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
2	 Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .
0	 It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
2	 Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
0	 Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
2	 Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
0	 All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
2	 The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .
0	 ... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
0	 The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
2	 No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
0	 Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
0	 Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
0	 The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
0	 It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
0	 And it 's a lousy one at that .
0	 It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
0	 It 's just merely very bad .
2	 About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .
0	 In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
0	 Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
2	 Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
2	 A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '
0	 If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
0	 This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
0	 It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
2	 And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
2	 Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
0	 The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
0	 Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
2	 Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
0	 Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
2	 displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
0	 Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
0	 It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
2	 Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
2	 This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .
0	 Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
0	 Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
2	 Not bad , but not all that good .
2	 Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
2	 Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?
2	 Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
0	 On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
2	 We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
2	 Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
0	 It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
0	 Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
2	 It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
0	 A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
2	 The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .
0	 A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
2	 The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
2	 Reyes ' word processor .
0	 It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
2	 A little objectivity could have gone a long way .
0	 One of the worst films of 2002 .
2	 I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .
0	 This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
0	 This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
0	 An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
0	 The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
0	 Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
0	 A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
2	 Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
0	 If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
0	 A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
0	 Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
2	 If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
2	 Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
0	 Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
2	 It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .
2	 Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
2	 The camera whirls !
2	 The camera twirls !
2	 Wow , a jump cut !
0	 The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
4	 Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
0	 A ragbag of cliches .
2	 This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .
0	 The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
0	 It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
0	 This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
2	 Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .
0	 What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
2	 Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .
0	 The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
0	 Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
2	 You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
0	 We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
2	 The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
0	 Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
2	 Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .
0	 Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
0	 We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
0	 There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
2	 ` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
2	 The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
0	 This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
0	 The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
2	 Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .
0	 -LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
0	 The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
2	 -LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
0	 An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
0	 The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
2	 Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
0	 The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
0	 It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
0	 It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
0	 A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
2	 Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .
0	 A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
0	 An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
0	 The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
0	 So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
2	 I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .
2	 For free .
0	 I still want my money back .
2	 It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
2	 ... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .
2	 Strictly middle of the road .
0	 With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
2	 `` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
2	 A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
2	 Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
2	 A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
0	 Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
0	 Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
2	 How much you are moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
0	 Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
0	 The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
0	 Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
0	 The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
2	 Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
2	 ... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
0	 Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
0	 McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
2	 New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
2	 A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
2	 But , no , we get another scene , and then another .
0	 You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
2	 An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
0	 Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
2	 Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
2	 Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
2	 For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?
2	 It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
2	 Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .
0	 An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
2	 -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
2	 Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
2	 A decidedly mixed bag .
0	 There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
2	 Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
2	 Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
0	 Just dreadful .
0	 I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
0	 This is just lazy writing .
2	 Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
2	 ... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
0	 But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
2	 How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
0	 The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
4	 Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
0	 Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0	 `` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
2	 It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .
2	 An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
0	 Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
0	 This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
2	 I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
0	 What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
0	 Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
2	 Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
0	 None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
0	 ` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
0	 A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
2	 What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?
2	 Well , it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
0	 Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
2	 Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .
0	 You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
0	 A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
0	 As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
2	 It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
0	 `` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0	 director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
2	 Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
0	 I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
2	 While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
0	 I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
2	 Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
0	 The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
0	 This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
4	 A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
2	 He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
2	 Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .
2	 Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna .
2	 The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
0	 The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
0	 More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
0	 It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
2	 This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
2	 Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
0	 Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
0	 Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
2	 The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
0	 Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
0	 A bad movie that happened to good actors .
0	 Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
0	 That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
0	 Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
2	 The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
2	 The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .
0	 For dance completists only .
0	 Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
2	 Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .
0	 I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
0	 This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
0	 Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
0	 The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
0	 It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
2	 Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .
0	 A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
0	 The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
0	 Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
2	 I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
2	 It did n't go straight to video .
0	 ... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
0	 Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
2	 It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
2	 About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
2	 We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
2	 Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable .
0	 Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
0	 The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
0	 The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
0	 For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
0	 The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
2	 Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .
2	 So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .
0	 Stale and clichéd to a fault .
2	 The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .
2	 Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
2	 Show me the mugging .
2	 Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
2	 Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
2	 A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
0	 It 's just rather leaden and dull .
2	 Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
2	 De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
0	 Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
0	 There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
0	 Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
2	 I ca n't .
2	 The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .
2	 A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .
0	 The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
2	 As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?
2	 is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
0	 Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
0	 After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
0	 Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
2	 There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
0	 At times , it actually hurts to watch .
0	 The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
0	 I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
2	 Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
0	 There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
0	 This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
2	 One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
2	 Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
2	 Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
0	 Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
0	 A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
2	 Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .
0	 It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
2	 In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .
2	 He 's worked too hard on this movie .
2	 The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
0	 The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
0	 This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
2	 It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
0	 The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
0	 Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
2	 This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
2	 Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
2	 Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
0	 Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
0	 Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
0	 It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
0	 ` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
2	 It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
0	 I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
0	 Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
2	 A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest .
0	 Get out your pooper-scoopers .
0	 Sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
2	 There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
2	 The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !
2	 -- was a fad that had long since vanished .
0	 If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
2	 Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
2	 It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
2	 Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .
2	 Nor is it a romantic comedy .
2	 Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .
2	 It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
0	 It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
0	 Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
2	 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
0	 Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
2	 The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
2	 All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
0	 There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
2	 Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
0	 Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
0	 An empty , purposeless exercise .
2	 Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
0	 Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
2	 Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
2	 Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
2	 When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
0	 This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
2	 Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
0	 A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
2	 A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
2	 Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
2	 Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
2	 -LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's .
0	 Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
0	 Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
4	 It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
2	 Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
2	 The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .
0	 Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
2	 Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
0	 What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
2	 Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
0	 You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
0	 Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
0	 ... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
0	 Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
2	 It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
2	 Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
0	 A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
2	 Bang !
2	 It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
2	 At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .
0	 This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
2	 True Hollywood Story .
0	 This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
0	 Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
2	 A porn film without the sex scenes .
0	 A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
2	 By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
2	 Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
2	 Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .
2	 Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
0	 The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
0	 In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
0	 A thriller without a lot of thrills .
0	 This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
2	 Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
2	 Alas , another breathless movie about same !
2	 In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
2	 Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
0	 Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
0	 No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
2	 `` Not really as bad as you might think ! ''
2	 Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
4	 One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
2	 What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
2	 It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
2	 The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
0	 An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
2	 Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !
0	 Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
2	 In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
0	 Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
2	 None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .
2	 Same guy with both hats .
2	 Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .
2	 In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
2	 The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
0	 If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
2	 Fortunately , you still have that option .
0	 This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
0	 Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
0	 After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
2	 A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
0	 The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
0	 But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
2	 Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .
0	 ... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
2	 It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
2	 The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '
2	 The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .
0	 The Master of Disguise is awful .
0	 It 's Pauly Shore awful .
2	 The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
0	 The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
0	 You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
2	 Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
0	 It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
0	 From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
2	 A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
2	 directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
2	 The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
2	 Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
2	 Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .
0	 Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
2	 While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
2	 The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
0	 The film is all over the place , really .
2	 The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
0	 Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
0	 Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
0	 Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
0	 It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
0	 And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
2	 The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .
0	 Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0	 The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
2	 Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .
0	 Press the delete key .
2	 ... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .
0	 There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
2	 Or for the year , for that matter .
0	 Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
0	 This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
0	 The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
0	 To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
2	 Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
2	 Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
2	 And a very rainy day .
2	 Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ?
2	 Um , no. .
2	 Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
2	 But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
2	 Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
2	 Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
0	 But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
0	 Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
0	 It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
0	 It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
2	 Routine and rather silly .
0	 A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
0	 Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
0	 You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
2	 While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
0	 Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
0	 If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
2	 A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
0	 The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
0	 The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
0	 Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
0	 Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .
0	 The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
2	 As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .
2	 A well-acted , but one-note film .
0	 -LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
0	 There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0	 No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
2	 The Armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
0	 We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
0	 Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
0	 When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
0	 Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
0	 But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
0	 Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
0	 We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
2	 Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
0	 With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
2	 When the twist endings were actually surprising ?
2	 When the violence actually shocked ?
2	 When the heroes were actually under 40 ?
0	 This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
0	 What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
0	 In other words , it 's badder than bad .
2	 It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
0	 Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
2	 Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
0	 Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
2	 An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
0	 A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
2	 A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
0	 It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
0	 It appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
2	 in period costume and with a bigger budget .
0	 While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
2	 A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
0	 A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
0	 If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
0	 Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
2	 Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
0	 ` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
2	 Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .
2	 Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .
0	 Hate it because it 's lousy .
0	 Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
0	 Disgusting .
0	 Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
0	 This thing is virtually unwatchable .
0	 Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
0	 The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
0	 In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
0	 Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
0	 The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
2	 A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
2	 Spy-vs .
0	 - spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
0	 A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
2	 The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .
0	 Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
2	 Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
2	 A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .
2	 Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
2	 An extraordinarily silly thriller .
0	 Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
0	 What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
0	 No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
0	 The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
2	 This off-putting French romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie .
2	 Ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
2	 If there ai n't none , you have a problem .
2	 Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
0	 Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
0	 Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
0	 Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	 A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
0	 A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
2	 There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
2	 And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .
2	 It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
2	 It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
4	 The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
2	 But it does n't need Gangs of New York .
2	 Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .
2	 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .
2	 It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
0	 Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
0	 Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
0	 It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
2	 Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
2	 The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
2	 I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
2	 Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
0	 Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
0	 All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
0	 If you go , pack your knitting needles .
0	 The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
0	 Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
0	 It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
0	 A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
0	 The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
0	 Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
2	 Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
0	 Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
0	 Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
2	 an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''
0	 An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
0	 ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
0	 The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
2	 A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
2	 Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
0	 -LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
2	 ... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
0	 Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
0	 You have no affinity for most of the characters .
2	 A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
0	 An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
2	 Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .
2	 Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .
0	 You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
2	 In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
2	 Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
2	 Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .
0	 Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
0	 How about surprising us by trying something new ?
0	 Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
2	 If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''
0	 Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
0	 You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
2	 The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
2	 This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
0	 A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
2	 Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
2	 One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
0	 Too bad none of it is funny .
2	 The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
2	 The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .
0	 ... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
2	 Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .
2	 Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
2	 While the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .
2	 It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
2	 The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .
0	 You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
2	 If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .
2	 Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
0	 A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
0	 Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
2	 Hey Arnold !
2	 is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .
0	 Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
0	 The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
2	 The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
0	 ... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
2	 In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
0	 Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
2	 You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
0	 Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
2	 the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .
0	 If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
0	 It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
0	 Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	 As pedestrian as they come .
0	 It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
2	 Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .
0	 Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
0	 The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
0	 A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
2	 Muddled , trashy and incompetent
2	 Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
0	 It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
0	 A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
0	 There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
2	 The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
4	 One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .
4	 It 's a masterpiece .
2	 It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...
2	 Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .
4	 Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
2	 A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
4	 Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
2	 Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
4	 It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
4	 A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
4	 One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .
2	 The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
4	 Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
0	 Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
2	 Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''
2	 I survived .
0	 The worst film of the year .
0	 ... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
0	 I ca n't recommend it .
2	 The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?
2	 There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
2	 Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?
0	 It sucked .
2	 Would I see it again ?
2	 Please see previous answer .
2	 It 's exactly what you 'd expect .
2	 `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
2	 The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
0	 What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
2	 Please .
0	 Does n't add up to much .
0	 One of the worst movies of the year .
0	 Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
0	 One of the worst movies of the year .
4	 Spiderman ROCKS
4	 Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
4	 An exhilarating experience .
4	 Compellingly watchable .
4	 An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
4	 ... a true delight .
4	 Sexy and romantic .
4	 delightfully rendered
4	 Fun and nimble .
4	 Serious and thoughtful .
4	 Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
4	 One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
4	 Highly engaging .
4	 A gripping drama .
4	 Beautifully produced .
4	 Smart and taut .
4	 Highly watchable stuff .
4	 ... wise and elegiac ...
2	 Spare yet audacious ...
4	 An intoxicating experience .
4	 Reassuring , retro uplifter .
4	 Visually captivating .
2	 Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
2	 Touché !
4	 An impressive hybrid .
4	 Refreshing .
4	 See it .
2	 Debate it .
4	 Morvern rocks .
4	 Intelligent and moving .
4	 A compelling film .
4	 A riveting documentary .
4	 An enjoyable experience .
2	 A glorious mess .
4	 Exciting documentary .
4	 Good , solid storytelling .
4	 Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
4	 Moving and vibrant .
2	 Witless but watchable .
4	 Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
4	 A true-blue delight .
4	 Fantastic !
4	 A thought-provoking picture .
4	 A stylish thriller .
4	 Delirious fun .
4	 Exciting and well-paced .
4	 Really quite funny .
4	 A well-executed spy-thriller .
0	 Idiotic and ugly .
2	 Feels untidily honest .
4	 a joyous occasion
4	 Great character interaction .
4	 Intriguing and stylish .
2	 Earnest but heavy-handed .
0	 ... hypnotically dull .
2	 Calculated swill .
0	 Thoroughly awful .
0	 Truly terrible .
0	 Bad movie .
0	 Just plain bad .
0	 -LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ...
0	 Execrable .
0	 Banal and predictable .
2	 Crikey indeed .
0	 Brisk hack job .
0	 ... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
0	 ... a pretentious mess ...
0	 -LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .
2	 So-so entertainment .
2	 Punitively affirmational parable .
2	 Thin period piece .
2	 -LRB- A -RRB- stuporously solemn film .
0	 Cinematic poo .
0	 A dreary movie .
0	 Pompous and garbled .
0	 Utter mush ... conceited pap .
2	 Well-meaning but inert .
0	 ... overly melodramatic ...
0	 Extremely bad .
0	 Sluggish , tonally uneven .
0	 Generic thriller junk .
2	 Teens only .
0	 What an embarrassment .
0	 ... irritating soul-searching garbage .
0	 A relative letdown .
2	 Warmed-over hash .
2	 A puzzling experience .
0	 Aggravating and tedious .
0	 under-rehearsed and lifeless
0	 Laughably , irredeemably awful .
0	 An awful snooze .
2	 Just plain silly .
2	 ... salaciously simplistic .
0	 A less-than-thrilling thriller .
2	 Eh .
0	 Black-and-white and unrealistic .
2	 It bites hard .
0	 Dramatically lackluster .
0	 Stay away .
2	 Far away .
0	 ... a pretentious mess ...
0	 Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
2	 Arty gay film .
0	 A half-assed film .
0	 Abysmally pathetic
0	 ... unbearably lame .
2	 Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
0	 -LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .
2	 A dreary indulgence .
0	 -LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .
0	 A major waste ... generic .
0	 Boring and meandering .
0	 A lame comedy .
2	 Mildly amusing .
2	 Mildly entertaining .
0	 Terrible .
0	 Degenerates into hogwash .
0	 Crummy .
0	 Amazingly lame .
0	 -LRB- A -RRB- poorly executed comedy .
0	 ... really horrible drek .
2	 An intriguing near-miss .
0	 Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
2	 Bearable .
2	 Barely .
0	 Staggeringly dreadful romance .
0	 A real snooze .
0	 Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
